docs/pnapctl_create_server.md, before:

## pnapctl create server

Create a new server.

### Synopsis

Create a new server.

Requires a file (yaml or json) containing the information needed to create the server.

```
pnapctl create server [flags]
```

### Examples

```
# Create a new server as described in serverCreate.yaml
pnapctl create server --filename <FILE_PATH> [--full] [--output <OUTPUT_TYPE>]

# serverCreate.yaml
hostname: "new-server"
description: "New server description"
os: "ubuntu/bionic"
type: "s1.c1.small"
location: "PHX"
sshKeys:
	- "ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAABIwAAAQEAklOUpkDHrfHY17SbrmTIpNLTGK9Tjom/BWDSUGPl+nafzlHDTYW7hdI4yZ5ew18JH4JW9jbhUFrviQzM7xlELEVf4h9lFX5QVkbPppSwg0cda3Pbv7kOdJ/MTyBlWXFCR+HAo3FXRitBqxiX1nKhXpHAZsMciLq8V6RjsNAQwdsdMFvSlVK/7XAt3FaoJoAsncM1Q9x5+3V0Ww68/eIFmb1zuUFljQJKprrX88XypNDvjYNby6vw/Pb0rwert/EnmZ+AW4OZPnTPI89ZPmVMLuayrD2cE86Z/il8b+gw3r3+1nKatmIkjn2so1d01QraTlMqVSsbxNrRFi9wrf+M7Q== test1@test"
	- "ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAABAQCyVGaw1PuEl98f4/7Kq3O9ZIvDw2OFOSXAFVqilSFNkHlefm1iMtPeqsIBp2t9cbGUf55xNDULz/bD/4BCV43yZ5lh0cUYuXALg9NI29ui7PEGReXjSpNwUD6ceN/78YOK41KAcecq+SS0bJ4b4amKZIJG3JWmDKljtv1dmSBCrTmEAQaOorxqGGBYmZS7NQumRe4lav5r6wOs8OACMANE1ejkeZsGFzJFNqvr5DuHdDL5FAudW23me3BDmrM9ifUzzjl1Jwku3bnRaCcjaxH8oTumt1a00mWci/1qUlaVFft085yvVq7KZbF2OPPbl+erDW91+EZ2FgEi+v1/CSJ5 test2@test"
```

### Options

```
  -f, --filename string   File containing required information for creation
      --full              Shows all server details
  -h, --help              help for server
  -o, --output string     Define the output format. Possible values: table, json, yaml (default "table")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --config string   config file defaults to the environment variable "PNAPCTL_HOME" or "pnap.yaml" in the home directory.
  -v, --verbose         change log level from Warn (default) to Debug.
```

### SEE ALSO

* [pnapctl create](pnapctl_create.md)	 - Create a resource.

Commit message:

add force query param for server private and public network create

docs/pnapctl_create_server.md, after:

## pnapctl create server

Create a new server.

### Synopsis

Create a new server.

Requires a file (yaml or json) containing the information needed to create the server.

```
pnapctl create server [flags]
```

### Examples

```
# Create a new server as described in serverCreate.yaml
pnapctl create server --filename <FILE_PATH> [--full] [--output <OUTPUT_TYPE>] [--force=false]

# serverCreate.yaml
hostname: "new-server"
description: "New server description"
os: "ubuntu/bionic"
type: "s1.c1.small"
location: "PHX"
sshKeys:
	- "ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAABIwAAAQEAklOUpkDHrfHY17SbrmTIpNLTGK9Tjom/BWDSUGPl+nafzlHDTYW7hdI4yZ5ew18JH4JW9jbhUFrviQzM7xlELEVf4h9lFX5QVkbPppSwg0cda3Pbv7kOdJ/MTyBlWXFCR+HAo3FXRitBqxiX1nKhXpHAZsMciLq8V6RjsNAQwdsdMFvSlVK/7XAt3FaoJoAsncM1Q9x5+3V0Ww68/eIFmb1zuUFljQJKprrX88XypNDvjYNby6vw/Pb0rwert/EnmZ+AW4OZPnTPI89ZPmVMLuayrD2cE86Z/il8b+gw3r3+1nKatmIkjn2so1d01QraTlMqVSsbxNrRFi9wrf+M7Q== test1@test"
	- "ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAABAQCyVGaw1PuEl98f4/7Kq3O9ZIvDw2OFOSXAFVqilSFNkHlefm1iMtPeqsIBp2t9cbGUf55xNDULz/bD/4BCV43yZ5lh0cUYuXALg9NI29ui7PEGReXjSpNwUD6ceN/78YOK41KAcecq+SS0bJ4b4amKZIJG3JWmDKljtv1dmSBCrTmEAQaOorxqGGBYmZS7NQumRe4lav5r6wOs8OACMANE1ejkeZsGFzJFNqvr5DuHdDL5FAudW23me3BDmrM9ifUzzjl1Jwku3bnRaCcjaxH8oTumt1a00mWci/1qUlaVFft085yvVq7KZbF2OPPbl+erDW91+EZ2FgEi+v1/CSJ5 test2@test"
```

### Options

```
  -f, --filename string   File containing required information for creation
      --force             Controlling advanced features availability. Currently applicable for networking. It is advised to use with caution since it might lead to unhealthy setups. Defaults to false.
      --full              Shows all server details
  -h, --help              help for server
  -o, --output string     Define the output format. Possible values: table, json, yaml (default "table")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --config string   config file defaults to the environment variable "PNAPCTL_HOME" or "pnap.yaml" in the home directory.
  -v, --verbose         change log level from Warn (default) to Debug.
```

### SEE ALSO

* [pnapctl create](pnapctl_create.md)	 - Create a resource.
